UNDERGRAD/K-12 RESEARCH COMPETITION AT ASTRIDE2023/ICDE2023

1st Private, Secure, and Trustworthy IoT Data Management Workshop (ASTRIDE 2023) 
Co-Located with IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE 2023)
Anaheim, CA, USA. April 3-7 2023
https://astride-2023.github.io/ 

Important dates
Submission deadline - January 25, 2023 (11:59PM PST)				 		
Notification deadline - February 8, 2023

The emerging Internet of Things (IoT) revolution promises to impact almost every aspect of modern society. However, the existing behavior of IoT devices and systems brings in challenges of privacy with more awareness and new legislation to protect individuals' privacy emerging worldwide. The ASTRIDE 2023 Workshop, held in conjunction with ICDE 2023, seeks to help bridge the gap between two research communities ---- Security and Privacy Researchers, IoT Data management Researchers. 

The ASTRIDE workshop is hosting a research competition for Undergrad/K-12 students with prizes to the best contributions. The Undergrad/K-12 Research Competition is a forum for undergraduate and K-12 students to showcase their research, exchange ideas, and receive feedback from senior researchers in the field. The Undergrad/K-12 Research Competition has the following goals for junior scholars:

·       Share their research ideas and prototypes at the ASTRIDE/ICDE forum to gain visibility to their work.
·       Meet and interact with attendees at both ASTRIDE and ICDE, share ideas and gain insights about what research in the data management / privacy/security / IoT communities.
·       Receive  feedback  from senior members of industry and academia about their research and presentation.
·       Be recognized and rewarded for outstanding undergrad/K-12 student research.

Eligibility and Guidelines:

·       While a group of researchers (including students and faculty) can work together on a project submitted to the competition, the leading author of each research contribution must be a student (undergraduate or K-12).
·       The competition has two categories, one for undergraduate lead research and another for K-12 lead research. Research completed while the student was an undergraduate/K-12 may be submitted to the undergraduate/K-12 category even if the student is now a first-year graduate/undergraduate student.
·       Three winners will be selected in each category - undergraduate and K-12. The top three winners in each category will receive prizes of US $500, $300, and $200, respectively. Winners will be recognized during the closing session of the ASTRIDE workshop.

For more details, see the workshop website: https://astride-2023.github.io/. 

Organization

·       Xi He (University of Waterloo)
·       Primal Pappachan (Penn State University)
·       Shantanu Sharma (New Jersey Institute of Technology)
·       Roberto Yus (University of Maryland, Baltimore County)
